A young man is showing the polish, water. old soft cloth and brush needed to polish shoes with.
A person is setting up a table to get get ready to shine boots
A man is giving instructions on how to polish with a brush and polisher.
A  guy is explaining the items you need to clean a pair of shoes.
A young man is preparing to demonstrate how to shine shoes.
A man picks up a can of shoe paste, a towel, and brush from a table.
A man is explaining what you need in order to shine shoes.
A man instructs people on how to properly polish a pair of boots.
A man is showing the products he uses to clean and shine shoes.
A man discusses polishing an old pair of boots with an old t-shirt and a brush.
A woman explains how to sew a beanie as she sews a beanie in her hands.
A lady is knitting a hat with straight knitting needles and she is explaining the process of what to do.
A person is knitting with the help of both the hands and with a wool
A woman demonstrates how to crochet a knit cap using needles.
A woman is showing how to do a knit stich and a stocking knit stitch
A woman holds a knitted item and then gives knitting instructions.
A woman demonstrates how to perform a stockinette stitch using needles and yarn.
A woman is knitting a garment with gray yarn.
A woman who is knitting a cap explains what the stitch count is.
A woman demonstrates how to knit a hat using knitting needles.
A group of young people walking through a park and making hand gestures.
Young men walk together in a group down a path and introduce themselves.
Some kids walk down a path together while some speak to each other
Several boys in jackets walk along a paved area outside near some woods.
boys are walking down a path together talking to the camera.
Teenage boys walking in a zoo togehter on a narrow pathway surrounded by trees.
Some friends are walking along together along a path as they greet and introduce each other.
A group of young men walk together along an asphalt path in a wooded area.
Some people were walking on the road and shows some action with their hands
One boy films the rest of the group walking and talking.
A worker with black hoodie and black trousers is picking the apple carefully and putting them away gently
A man picks green apples in an apple orchard while someone narrates in the background.
A person is picking green apples from a tree and a narrator is talking in the background.
A man is picking apples and putting them in a bin carefully while a man is talking about the apples.
A man explains that apple pickers have to use great care when picking.
a man is carefully picking yellow apples when it's ripe.
A person makes grabs multiple apples and puts them on the inside of a bag.
A man is picking apples during a harvest and gathering them in a wooden crate.
A man is picking green apples from a tree and placing them in a bag hanging around his neck and then is dumping the apples into a large wooden crate.
An apple picker takes apples from the trees and places them in a bin.
A girl was dancing in a room and tapping her foot on the floor
A young woman does a tap dance routine in a dark room.
A woman uses her heels to tap dance on the hard floor.
A girl performs a foot tapping routine on a wood floor.
A woman is alone in a room as she tap dances and only her legs and feet are visible.
A girl is inside of a room and doing tap dancing moves.
A woman is standing in the middle of a room performing a tap dance routine.
A woman is tap dancing on the floor in a large room in a house.
A young woman is tap dancing on a hardwood floor with tapping shoes.
A woman in shorts is tap dancing while in a front room as she demonstrates her skill.
A woman is carving a pumpkin and gives instructions how to do it
A woman is demonstrating how to clean a pumpkin properly.
A person is using a very large knife to remove the core from a pumpkin and the insides of it
A person cleans the insides out of a pumpkin using some tools, while explaining the procedure
A person is explaining while another person is doing the actions of how to cut and scoop out a pumpkin.
A person showing how to clean out a pumpkin to make a jack o lantern.
A woman instructs and demonstrates how to remove the insides of a pumpkin.
A voice is narrating while someone else is removing the insides of a pumpkin without breaking it.
A person cuts a hole in the top of a pumpkin, then begins scooping out its insides.
Someone is talking about and showing how to carve out the insides of a pumpkin.
A woman and her daughter sitting on a chair and feeding pigeons
A woman and little girl are sitting on a bench feeding pigeons.
a women and a little girl sitting on a bench with the little girl feeding pigeons
A young women and child are sitting on a bench feeding pigeon as people walk by.
A young girl and her mother are feeding pigeons while sitting together on a bench on a busy city street.
A young girl feeds the birds while standing next to her mom.
A little girl and a woman are using some food and throwing it to the pigeons to eat
A little girl feeds pigeons while sitting on a bench in the city.
A little girl stands near a bench and throws food to pigeons.
A WOMAN AND A CHILD ARE SITTING ON A BENCH ON A BUSY CITY STREET.
A group of children play with different items on an outdoor cement slab.
A group of people have a water balloon fight outside.
a little boy throwing a water balloon at another boy outdoors
The children in green shirts play with small water balloons.
Three kids are throwing water balloons at each other outside.
A group of children play outside and one throws a water balloon.
three children are playing in a basketball court and a parent watches over them.
Kids playing with water balloons, one of the kids attacks another with a water balloon.
A group of boys and girls play with water balloons
A boy throws a rock at one of the kids outside.
A red haired girl is talking as she is rubbing her hands together in front of the camera.
A young girl is rubbing lotion on her hands while she sits in her bedroom.
A young lady rubs her hands together continuously while also talking.
While sitting down on the floor, a little girl applies lotion to her hands.
A teenage girl with red hair rubs lotion on her hands.
A young girl sits down and fiddles with her arms while speaking to the camera.
A woman is rubbing her hands together to spread lotion over them.
An older girl rubs her hands together several times as if rubbing lotion in.
A girl is rubbing her hands together and singing a song.
A teenage girl with flaming red hair is explaining how to massage lotion into your hands.
A person is tightening up a lure to a fishing hook and making it ready for a fishing rod
A person is using some kind of tool device and adding some thread
A person is attaching white hair to a piece of wire.
A man was having some needle like object and tie the bushy material  around the needle with a thread
A man is showing how to make fly fishing lures with cool music in the background.
A person shows how to tie a fly for fly-fishing, tying small clumps of animal hair or feather to a central hook.
Someone is making a white fly to use while fly fishing.
A person shoes how to make a fly fishing hook for fishing.
A demonstration of someone making a fishing lure (or fly).
Someone is showing how to wrap feathers around a piece of metal of some kind.
Divers are underwater measuring a large anchor while a child describes what they are doing.
Two people review an ancient anchor that can be seen underneath the water.
Two people underwater wearing scuba equipment making notes and measuring an old anchor.
A man is underwater drawing a picture of a treasure.
A man is drawing on paper underwater while a child talks.
Underwater a scuba diver writes down information about an anchor that is on the sea floor.
Several divers examine archaeological artifacts while a little kid narrates in the background.
a man in underwater drawing a picture of an artifact
A few divers underwater observing and measuring a rusted large and sunken anchor.
Archaeologists underwater, drawing pictures of a sunken anchor covered in sea life.
A boy sits where it's windy and shows us his collection of cards and how he shuffles them.
A person is shuffling a big stack of playing cards.
A young child is about to shuffle a deck of cards.
A boy sitting on the floor shuffles a deck of cards.
A person shuffles a deck of cards as they sit on top of a bed.
A man sitting on the floor held two decks of a card in both hands
A person who is sitting is separating and shuffling a deck of cards.
A person takes two group of cards and proceeds to shuffle them.
A kid split the desk of cards and begins to shuffle the cards with his hands.
As the wind howls, a person starts to shuffle a deck of cards.
A girl walks away from the door as a boy sprays his foot and smells it.
A compilation of young kids doing things on camera together.
A girl leaves the front door and then a boy sprays something on his foot and smells it.
A woman takes something from the hand of a boy in the open front door of a house and walks away, then the boy sprays his foot inside the house and smells it.
A girl walks away from the front door after giving a boy a tube.
Teenage girl walks away from door, answered by boy, and holds hand up, and boy sprays foot, leans over to smell foot, and gives thumbs up.
A girl gives a boy standing at the front door something then the boy is shown spraying something on his foot.
A boy sprayed something on his foot and then smells it and gives a thumbs up meaning it smells good.
A child is talking to another one at the door and in the next screen a boy sprays his foot and smells it.
A young girl at a door and than a boy sprays his feet and smells them.
A man is outdoors sitting in a chair holding and displaying several rocks.
A man sitting on a stool looks like he is examining pottery shards.
a person grabbing a piece of material from the floor onto their lap
A person who is sitting down picks up some stones and puts them down on the cloth in front of him.
A man works at a stool with antiquated looking round clubs.
A lady is sitting down and preparing to use a mashing tool to make food.
A very heavy set man wearing a vest tee is holding different size mortars and leather pieces.
A person sits on a low chair bends over and holds up pieces of flint for inspection
A man with various objects tries to sharpen a broken piece of glass with wood clubs
Someone is sitting down and showing some tools and rocks of some sort.